docs/widgetApi.md, before:

# API for the Widgets Directory of the  Dandy project
I haven't used .md files before... let's see if this works.

## AMKRDisplay Class
### Description
This class is used to display an Arduino MKR1010.

### Member Functions
### Options
### Examples
### Notes
### Similar Classes 


## AnalogInDisplay Class
### Description
AnalogInDisplay is the parent class of a number of widgets used to display analog input values coming from a sensor, through a microcontroller, to a computer. You should declare objects of its child classes, not itself.
### Member Functions
### Options
### Examples
### Notes
### Similar Classes 


## ANanoEveryDisplay
### Description
This class is used to display an Arduino Nano Every.
### Member Functions
### Options
### Examples
### Notes
### Similar Classes 


## AUnoDisplay
### Description
This class is used to display an Arduino Uno.
### Member Functions
### Options
### Examples
### Notes
### Similar Classes 


## Cyc8protoDisplay
### Description
This class is used to display an Infineon Cyc8proto.
### Member Functions
### Options
### Examples
### Notes
### Similar Classes 


## DialDisplay
### Description
A DialDisplay object displays analog input values as a needle on a dial.
### Member Functions
### Options
### Examples
### Notes
### Similar Classes 


## LEDBarDisplay 
### Description
An LEDBarDisplay object displays multiple digital input bits as an LED bar. 
### Member Functions
### Options
### Examples
### Notes
### Similar Classes 


## LEDDisplay class
### Description
A LEDDisplay object is used to display a digital input bit. 

### Member Functions 
```
Here's the constructor
___init___(self, LED_window, height=100, width=100, color="yellow")
```
Here are the other member functions...

```
pack(self, LED_orientation="vertical")
```
In the function above, LED_orientation may be horizontal or vertical.

```
change_LED_color(self, new_color)
```

```
change_BG_color(self, new_color)
```

```
draw_LED(self)
```


### Options
### Examples
```
led1=LEDDisplay.LEDDisplay(self.main_window)
```
### Notes
### Similar Classes

## MCDisplay class
### Description
### Member Functions
### Options
### Examples
### Notes
### Similar Classes 


## RPiDisplay class
### Description
### Member Functions
### Options
### Examples
### Notes
### Similar Classes 


## RPiPicoDisplay class
### Description
### Member Functions
### Options
### Examples
### Notes
### Similar Classes 


## SimplePlotDisplay class
### Description
### Member Functions
### Options
### Examples
### Notes
### Similar Classes 

## SlideDisplay
### Description
### Member Functions
### Options
### Examples
### Notes
### Similar Classes 

## SymbolDisplay
### Description
### Member Functions
### Options
### Examples
### Notes
### Similar Classes 

## TricolorDisplay 
### Description
### Member Functions
### Options
### Examples
### Notes
### Similar Classes 

## VectorDisplay
### Description
### Member Functions
### Options
### Examples
### Notes
### Similar Classes

Commit message:

I added some documentation. Also, python has a weird way of handling private variables, and I started to fix how I did that.

docs/widgetApi.md, after:

# API for the Widgets Directory of the  Dandy project


## AMKRDisplay Class
### Description
This class displays an Arduino MKR1010.

### Member Functions
### Options
### Examples
### Notes
### Similar Classes 
AMKRDisplay is a child of MCDisplay. The class ANanoEveryDisplay displays an Arduino Nano Every. AUnoDisplay displays an Arduino Uno.

## AnalogInDisplay Class
### Description
AnalogInDisplay is the parent class of a number of widgets used to display analog input values coming from a sensor, through a microcontroller, to a computer. You should declare objects of child classes instead of AnalogInDisplay.
### Member Functions
### Options
### Examples
### Notes
### Similar Classes 
SlideDisplay, VectorDisplay, SimplePlotDisplay, and DialDisplay are child classes of AnalogInDisplay.


## ANanoEveryDisplay
### Description
This class displays an Arduino Nano Every.
### Member Functions
### Options
### Examples
### Notes
### Similar Classes 
ANanoEveryDisplay is a child of MCDisplay. AMKRDisplay displays an Arduino MKR1010. AUnoDisplay displays an Arduino Uno.


## AUnoDisplay
### Description
This class displays an Arduino Uno.
### Member Functions
### Options
### Examples
### Notes
### Similar Classes 
AUnoDisplay is a child of MCDisplay. AMKRDisplay displays an Arduino MKR1010. ANanoEveryDisplay displays an Arduino Nano every.


## Cyc8protoDisplay
### Description
This class displays an Infineon Cyc8proto microcontroller.
### Member Functions
### Options
### Examples
### Notes
### Similar Classes 
Cyc8protoDisplay is a child of MCDisplay.


## DialDisplay
### Description
A DialDisplay object displays analog input values as a needle on a dial.
### Member Functions
### Options
### Examples
### Notes
### Similar Classes 
DialDisplay is a child of AnalogInDisplay. SlideDisplay, TricolorDisplay,  and SimplePlotDisplay also display analog input values.

## LEDBarDisplay 
### Description
An LEDBarDisplay object displays multiple digital input bits as an LED bar. 
### Member Functions
### Options
### Examples
### Notes
I may eventually cut this class. Alternatively, I may modify it so that it can show either LEDs or other symbols.
### Similar Classes 


## LEDDisplay class
### Description
A LEDDisplay object is used to display a digital input bit. 

### Member Functions 
```
Here's the constructor
___init___(self, LED_window, height=100, width=100, color="yellow")
```
Here are the other member functions...

```
pack(self, LED_orientation="vertical")
```
In the function above, LED_orientation may be horizontal or vertical.

```
change_LED_color(self, new_color)
```

```
change_BG_color(self, new_color)
```

```
draw_LED(self)
```


### Options
### Examples
```
led1=LEDDisplay.LEDDisplay(self.main_window)
```
### Notes
### Similar Classes

## MCDisplay class
### Description
### Member Functions
### Options
### Examples
### Notes
### Similar Classes 


## RPiDisplay class
### Description
### Member Functions
### Options
### Examples
### Notes
### Similar Classes 


## RPiPicoDisplay class
### Description
### Member Functions
### Options
### Examples
### Notes
### Similar Classes 


## SimplePlotDisplay class
### Description
### Member Functions
### Options
### Examples
### Notes
### Similar Classes 

## SlideDisplay
### Description
SlideDisplay is used to display an analog input value as a slider along a bar.
### Member Functions
### Options
### Examples
### Notes
### Similar Classes 
SlideDisplay is a child of AnalogInDisplay. TricolorDisplay, DialDisplay, and SimplePlotDisplay also display analog input values. 

## SymbolDisplay
### Description
The SymbolDisplay class displays static symbols including ground and power symbols. When drawing a microcontroller, use these static symbols to display other pins which are neither inputs nor outputs. 
### Member Functions
### Options
### Examples
### Notes
### Similar Classes 

## TricolorDisplay 
### Description
The TricolorDisplay clas displays an analog input as if it went through a comparator to a tricolor LED. If the analog input is below one value, the LED is green. If it is between that value and a second value, the LED is yellow. If the analog input is above the second value, the LED is red.
### Member Functions
### Options
### Examples
### Notes
### Similar Classes 
TricolorDisplay is a child of the LEDDisplay class. The classes DialDisplay, SlideDisplay, and SimplePlotDisplay also display analog input values.

## VectorDisplay
### Description
VectorDisplay displays three analog input values as a vector. Use this class to display velocity, magnetic field at a point, or other vector quantities. 
### Member Functions
### Options
### Examples
### Notes
### Similar Classes 
VectorDisplay is a child of class AnalogInDisplay.
